Cyfrin code review (#1)
Cyfrin/Beanstalk: CODE_REVIEW.md

| Reviewer      | [Giovanni Di Siena](https://twitter.com/giovannidisiena)                                     |
| Repo          | [Beanstalk Core](https://github.com/BeanstalkFarms/Beanstalk)                                |
| Commit Hash   | `5b978351d9f8d3a824ffa157557139da8b1a6db0`                                                   |
| Area of Focus | [PR #410 for the `protocol` dir](https://github.com/BeanstalkFarms/Beanstalk/pull/410/files) |

## Contents

- [Cyfrin Code Review (DRAFT - THIS IS A WORK IN PROGRESS AND IS NOT COMPLETE)](#cyfrin-code-review-draft---this-is-a-work-in-progress-and-is-not-complete)
  - [Contents](#contents)
  - [About this PR](#about-this-pr)
  - [Disclaimer](#disclaimer)
  - [Security](#security)
  - [Code Quality](#code-quality)
  - [Documentation Experience](#documentation-experience)
  - [Developer Experience](#developer-experience)
    - [Our PR with this code review](#our-pr-with-this-code-review)
  - [Appendix](#appendix)
    - [Appendix 1 - Slither Output](#appendix-1---slither-output)
    - [Appendix 2 - 4naly3er Output](#appendix-2---4naly3er-output)
    - [Appendix 3 - Coverage](#appendix-3---coverage)

## About this PR

> PR #410 aka SiloV3 contains the following upgrades:

Author: ```suggestion
PR #410 aka Silo V3 contains the following upgrades:
```

- Withdrawal Freeze Removal
- Seeds per BDV Upgrades
- ERC-1155 Deposits
- Other `SiloFacet` changes

## Disclaimer

This document represents feedback from a formal code review, emphasizing suggestions to improve Developer Experience, Code Quality, Gas Optimization, and common Security pitfalls. It does not represent a security audit nor an endorsement of the underlying business or product, and the code review was time-boxed to 4 days.

The aim of this code review is to review the PR for Silo V3, aka BIP-36, aka [PR #410](https://github.com/BeanstalkFarms/Beanstalk/pull/410/files).

## Security

> - Running the forking test suite makes a _lot_ of RPC calls, and takes a long time. This could potentially be a security issue if people skimp out on finishing running all the tests. Consider moving test suite to foundry to speed up the process.

Author: ```suggestion
- Running the forking test suite makes a _lot_ of RPC calls, and takes a long time. This could potentially be a security issue if developers fail to finish running all the tests. Consider moving test suite to Foundry to speed up the process.
```

- Versioning of codebase should be the same throughout, consider using `pragma solidity =0.7.6;` for all files.
- Their are several `high` confidence and `high` severity rating outputs from static analysis tools, linked at the appendix. You can tell slither to ignore them but adding `//slither-disable-next-line DETECTOR_NAME` above the line that is causing the issue. We recommend addressing them **after making sure they are not needed.**

```bash
yarn npm audit
➤ YN0001: No audit suggestions
```

## Code Quality

- Indexers use events to monitor the state of the system, when an event's ABI changes, this can "break" the way the indexer is collecting data. [AddDeposit](https://github.com/BeanstalkFarms/Beanstalk/blob/5b978351d9f8d3a824ffa157557139da8b1a6db0/protocol/contracts/libraries/Silo/LibTokenSilo.sol#L54) is updating from a season ID to a stem ID, which can cause indexers to be confused. It might be worth renaming the event, or at least calling out in the developer documentation how an indexer can keep track of the new seasons based on the block number (indexing season update transactions).

> - In `Bean.t.sol` you don't need to use `experimental ABIEncoderV2` as that was added in solidity 0.7.4, you can just use `abicoder v2` isntead of `experimental ABIEncoderV2`.

Author: ```suggestion
- Use of `experimental ABIEncoderV2` in `Bean.t.sol` is not required as this was added in solidity 0.7.4. You can use `abicoder v2` instead of `experimental ABIEncoderV2`.
```

      - Quickstart
  - You can see an example of a [stellar readme here](https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template)
- Add running `yarn` as a setup step in `DEVELOPER.md`
- Use `yarn` instead of `npm install` for `protocol`
  - `npm install` doesn't work well with `yarn workspace`
- Make sure to include setting a `FORKING_URL` environment variable in `./protocol/README.md`
- In `Testing a BIP` instead of a number of manual steps, you could create an environment variable flag like `BIP_TEST=True` and check for it in the `hardhat.config.js`, and automatically apply the changes desired. This would make it easier for a developer to test a BIP.

### Our PR with this code review

In this code review, we have [included a draft PR](https://github.com/BeanstalkFarms/Beanstalk/pull/492/files) with our suggested changes to `DEVELOPER.md`, and a few other files. These are just suggestions so please take them as such.

## Appendix

### Appendix 1 - [Slither](https://github.com/crytic/slither) Output

Input:

```
cd Beanstalk/protocol
yarn compile
slither . --compile-force-framework hardhat --hardhat-ignore-compile --disable-color > slither-output.txt 2>&1
```

> You can view the full output at `slither-output.txt`.

Author: ```suggestion
You can view the full output at [`slither-output.txt`](./protocol/slither-output.txt).
```

Reference: https://github.com/crytic/slither/wiki/Detector-Documentation#unchecked-transfer
INFO:Detectors:
InitBip1.s (contracts/beanstalk/init/InitBip1.sol#17) is never initialized. It is used in:
        - InitBip1.init() (contracts/beanstalk/init/InitBip1.sol#22-25)
InitBip14.s (contracts/beanstalk/init/InitBip14.sol#17) is never initialized. It is used in:
        - InitBip14.init() (contracts/beanstalk/init/InitBip14.sol#22-24)
Reference: https://github.com/crytic/slither/wiki/Detector-Documentation#uninitialized-state-variables
INFO:Detectors:
LibFunction.useClipboard(bytes,bytes,bytes[]).pasteParams_scope_0 (contracts/libraries/LibFunction.sol#85) is a storage variable never initialized
Reference: https://github.com/crytic/slither/wiki/Detector-Documentation#uninitialized-storage-variables
```

We also outputted a [.sarif](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MS-SarifVSCode.sarif-viewer) edition:

```
slither . --compile-force-framework hardhat --hardhat-ignore-compile --sarif slither-output.sarif
```

### Appendix 2 - [4naly3er](https://github.com/Picodes/4naly3er) Output

Input:

```
yarn analyze <DIR>/Beanstalk/protocol/contracts
```

> You can see the output at `4naly3er_report.md`, we've highlighted the most important parts below:

Author: ```suggestion
You can see the output at [`4naly3er_report.md`](./protocol/4naly3er_report.md), we've highlighted the most important parts below:
```
